Ah ok ok
Hit now hit now
Wait a minute, what money?
Son, leave it alone
Come on boss, take a look.
Our brothers braved the rain for 500 lines 1,000
We are just waiters in a supermarket
I'm only making 3,000 dollars a month
It's not easy for us brothers, is it?
Will you give it or not?
No, wait for something to happen at home tonight
What do you want?
I can give it to you.
Where did the little brat come from?
None of your business, Aaron
This is our villager
Pay protection money to these bosses every month
This will ensure that nothing will happen at home
There's such a thing now
Why are you not convinced?
I serve
Here's 10,000 dollars
Do you dare? What don't you dare?
Look good, look